Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain an action, fantasy,
thriller film called “Underworld.”
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Vampires and werewolves, called Lycans, have
existed in the world for over a thousand years.
These Immortals have been at war for centuries,
and the Vampires have successfully hunted
the Lycans, pushing them to the brink of extinction.
The war had its first significant turn at
the death of the Lycan leader, Lucian.
The vampires believe that they have gained
the upper hand, on the verge of eliminating
the Lycans from the world.
Or so they thought.
Selene and another vampire are tracking two
Lycans headed to a subway.
The Lycan, Raze, and his fellow werewolf are
also stalking Michael Corvinus, a human.
As Michael boards the train, he sees Selene,
but she looks away.
Raze closes in on Michael but senses vampires
nearby.
Before he could reach Michael, he warns his
companion that vampires are following them.
Raze starts shooting, and a firefight ensues.
The other vampire gets shot, and Selene sees
the bullets glowing inside him.
A bystander gets shot, and Michael dives in
to help.
A Lycan tries to grab Michael, but Selene
starts shooting.
The Lycans retreat, and Selene, along with
another vampire, give chase.
Selene goes after one of the Lycans while
the other vampire pursues Raze.
Raze gets tackled, and they end up on the
train tracks.
Eager to finish the fight, Raze transform
into a werewolf and charges the vampire.
Selene tracks the other Lycan deeper into
the tunnels before finally finding the Lycan
and shooting him with silver bullets.
Selene checks the Lycan’s gun to see the
bullets are glowing.
Suddenly, Raze appears behind her, but she
escapes after impaling Raze with several bladed
discs.
As she hides from Raze, she hears growling
and roaring from in the tunnels.
Sounds of other Lycans fighting and cheering
in an underground fighting pen fill the tunnels.
Before she could investigate further, Raze
appears, and she leaves.
At the fighting pit, a Lycan, who appears
to be the leader, appears.
He is visibly disappointed, even disgusted
by his fellow Lycans’ behavior, and stops
the fighting.
Selene returns to the vampire mansion, heads
directly to Kahn, the vampire weapons expert,
and shows him the glowing bullets.
He discovers that the bullets are laced with
ultraviolet radiation, making them highly
effective against vampires.
Kraven, the current vampire leader, heads
down to meet with Selene and Kahn.
Selene tells Kraven that she sensed there
could potentially be hundreds of Lycans hiding
in the tunnels.
Kraven listens but says they cannot act on
mere speculation, especially within the eve
of an important awakening ceremony.
Kahn is in disbelief, saying a number of that
magnitude hasn’t been seen in centuries.
Kraven tells Selene that he’ll have her
claims investigated, and Selene answers back,
saying Viktor would have believed her without
hesitation.
Selene visits Viktor’s tomb and Erika, another
vampire who’s in love with Kraven, tells
Selene not to worry and reminds her to prepare
for the ceremony.
Selene later checks on the images they captured
from the scene and sees that the Lycans were
following a human.
Erika enters, bringing a dress for Selene,
but Selene is focused on the human.
Kraven arrives and tells Selene he’d love
to have her by his side in the ceremony, but
she shrugs, telling him to have Erika instead,
as she’s the one who’s head-over-heels
for him.
At the Lycans’ lair, a scientist, Singe,
mixes the blood of a human with a Lycan’s.
He examines it, finding out that the blood
is incompatible.
Their leader enters and sees their experiment
has failed, and Singe tells him that they
need to get a sample of Michael’s blood
to see whether or not it would work.
Raze later arrives carrying the fallen werewolf.
The leader is disappointed to hear that they’ve
failed to get a sample of Michael’s blood
and decides to do it himself.
Selene breaks into Michael’s apartment,
looking for clues as to why the Lycans were
after him.
Michael arrives, and Selene grabs him, holding
him by the neck.
She asks why the Lycans are after him, but
he denies any knowledge of what is happening.
Michael recognizes Selene as the woman from
the train shootout.
Not long after, Lycans appear.
Michael runs to the elevator, and Selene misses
him.
The Lycans burst through the windows, and
Selene starts shooting at them.
The Lycans are less affected by silver bullets
in their pure form, so Selene tries to escape
through the floor.
Michael heads down and comes face to face
with the Lycan leader.
Selene shoots him, but he bites Michael.
Selene drags Michael away, and the leader
lets them go, having taken a blood sample
from Michael and placing it in a test tube.
The leader then uses his powers to push the
silver bullets out of his body and chases
Selene.
Selene and Michael drive away, but the leader
catches up to them, jumping on top of the
car.
He uses a blade and stabs through the roof,
wounding Selene.
Selene manages to get the leader off the roof
and tries ramming him, but he rolls over the
car and lands safely behind them.
Michael and Selene escape, and Michael sees
that Selene is bleeding profusely.
He asks her to stop the car, but she shrugs
and keeps driving.
She loses consciousness, and the car flips
and falls into a river.
Michael drags Selene to safety and tries mending
her wounds.
At the Lycan lair, and Singe mixes Michael’s
blood.
They confirm that Michael’s blood is what
they have been looking for.
They need Michael for an experiment they’ll
perform on the Lycan leader.
On the riverbank, Michael and Selene lay unconscious.
Michael gets a strange dream before awakening
and seeing he’s at the vampire mansion.
Erika sees Michael and is delighted to see
Selene has brought a human to the house.
She tells Selene that Kraven is looking for
her.
Selene meets with an angry Kraven.
He scolds Selene for blatantly disobeying
his orders and for bringing a human into the
mansion.
Selene maintains her theory that the Lycans
are interested in Michael, and she needs to
figure out why.
Kraven thinks her theory ridiculous, saying
Lycans would only be interested in humans
for food.
Erika takes a closer look at Michael and sees
the bite mark.
She reels back immediately, launching herself
to the ceiling.
Michael wakes up again, in complete shock,
seeing Erika on the ceiling.
He rushes to the window and jumps out.
He runs for the gate and escapes the estate.
Kraven barges in with Selene seeing Michael
had escaped.
He slaps Selene in anger.
Selene is at the house’s firing range when
Kahn approaches, giving her a gun.
She shoots and sees liquid oozing out of the
bullet holes.
This is Kahn’s latest invention, silver
nitrate bullets.
Once a Lycan gets shot, the silver injects
itself into their bloodstream, making it harder
to remove.
Selene expresses her doubt about Kraven’s
stories.
The vampires were told that Kraven killed
Lucian, but Selene is suspicious, saying the
only evidence they have is Kraven’s account.
Kraven then leaves and meets up with someone
at an alley.
He enters another car, and it’s revealed
he’s meeting with the Lycan leader.
Kraven is mad about the Lycans overstepping
their boundaries, but the leader tells Kraven
they’ve been waiting long enough.
Kraven then reveals that the Lycan leader
is Lucian, the Lycan who Kraven said he had
killed.
Selene breaks into the mansion’s library
and reads about the past.
She reads the story of the great vampire-werewolf
war and Lucian’s defeat.
It turns out that Kraven was the sole survivor
of a group of vampires sent to assassinate
Lucian.
Kraven returned with a piece of Lucian’s
skin as evidence of the kill.
Selene then sees a drawing of Lucian wearing
a necklace, the same necklace she saw on the
werewolf that bit Michael.
She then realizes that that werewolf must
have been Lucian.
She then runs into Erika, and she tells her
that Michael has been bitten and will be turning
into a Lycan soon.
Desperate for guidance, Selene decides to
awaken Viktor, one of three powerful elder
vampires.
She enters Viktor’s tomb and begins the
awakening ceremony by herself.
Selene draws her blood and lets it drip into
Viktor’s mouth.
She apologizes to Viktor for waking him ahead
of schedule, but she is in desperate need
of his guidance, as she suspects Kraven had
lied about killing Lucian.
Michael appears at the mansion’s gates,
and Selene goes to retrieve him.
Kraven warns her that she will no longer be
welcome at the mansion if she goes out to
meet Michael, but Selene dismisses Kraven’s
threat, knowing Viktor is now awake and that
Viktor would vouch for her.
She drives to Michael, and they take off.
Selene tells Michael that he’s been dragged
into a war between vampires and werewolves
that has been raging for centuries.
She tells him that he’s been bitten and
he’ll soon become a Lycan.
Kraven enters the tomb, and Erika tells him
about Michael being a Lycan.
Viktor then reveals himself, and Erika and
Kraven bow.
Viktor expresses his disappointment in Kraven’s
leadership.
He then orders to awaken Marcus, another elder
vampire.
Kraven informs him that Marcus is yet to be
awakened, and Amelia, a third elder vampire,
is on her way to initiate the ceremony.
Selene had revived Viktor an entire century
ahead of schedule.
Selene takes Michael to one of their secret
interrogation rooms, and she tells her about
her origins.
Selene was a young woman when Lycans came
and killed her whole family.
It was Viktor who saved her and turned her
into a vampire.
She now spends her life killing the monsters
that killed her family, treating Viktor like
a father.
Selene intends to head back to the mansion,
but Michael wants to join her.
She then handcuffs Michael to a chair and
tells him a full moon will rise the following
night.
He’ll be unable to control himself and end
up eating and killing anything he finds.
She then hands him a gun with a single silver
bullet.
The bullet won’t kill him, but it could
delay his transformation.
She then advises him to shoot himself.
Selene arrives back at the mansion and finally
faces Viktor.
He demands to know why she awakened him early,
saying the elders had never broken their chain
of command in over 14 centuries.
Two of the elder vampires must be at rest
while one reigns.
It was supposed to be Marcus’ turn to reign,
not Viktor’s.
Selene tells Viktor she had no choice, and
she believes the vampires are in danger.
Viktor distrusts Selene, knowing she’s protecting
the Lycan, Michael.
She tells him she’ll gather evidence, but
Viktor prefers to have Kraven do it instead,
reasoning that Kraven isn’t protecting a
Lycan.
Viktor then tells Selene that the council
would pass judgment on her for breaking the
cycle of command.
Kraven then imprisons Selene at the mansion,
preventing her from going to Michael.
Kraven then tells Kahn that a different group
of vampires is tasked to meet with Amelia.
Khan is suspicious as it’s always been his
group’s job to do it.
At the station, Amelia’s train arrives,
but Lycans ambush them.
Amelia’s group battles them, but the vampires
sent to meet with them just watch the slaughter.
Michael tries to free himself from the handcuffs,
using the silver bullet to break the chain,
but he misses.
He feels the effects of the full moon, and
his heart rate and breathing speed up.
Jealous of Kraven’s lust for Selene, Erika
decides to free Selene, allowing her to go
to Michael.
Erika hopes this would lead to Selene’s
downfall, and she informs Kraven that Selene
had escaped.
The Lycans waiting outside the mansion see
Selene leaving, and they follow her to Michael.
As Selene makes her way up to Michael, she
sees Lycans following her.
She reaches Michael, but Lycans are at the
door.
She begins shooting blindly at the door while
Michael escapes.
He jumps from the window and surprisingly
lands on his feet.
Selene holds off the attacking Lycans, but
on the streets, Lycans subdue and capture
Michael, taking him into a police mobile and
driving away.
Selene sees the men driving away with Michael
and decides to let them go for the time being.
She then spots Singe alive among the pile
of lifeless Lycans.
At the mansion, Kahn is convinced that Kraven
is up to something nefarious and orders his
men to check on Amelia.
At the train station, Lycans kill Amelia,
and Raze draws her blood.
Meanwhile, the men who took Michael are noticing
that he’s beginning to transform.
They pull over and inject him with a substance,
preventing his transformation.
Once his transformation is halted, they continue.
Kraven meets with a now fully formed Viktor
when Selene arrives with Singe.
Selene forces Singe to tell the truth, and
he does so.
He confesses that the Lycans have been searching
for a direct descendant of Alexander Corvinus.
He begins by telling them the origin of vampires
and werewolves.
Alexander Corvinus, a powerful warlord from
the fifth century, had risen to power, but
a deadly plague ravaged his village, and only
he survived.
Alexander’s body had mutated the virus,
and instead of killing him, it gave him supernatural
abilities.
He became the first Immortal and gave birth
to three children.
Viktor chimes in, saying they all know the
myth of the Corvinus clan.
A wolf bit one child, a bat bit another, and
a third one walked the lonely road of mortality
as a human.
Viktor says Marcus, whose tomb is right next
to them, is a direct descendant of Alexander,
but Singe says Marcus is already a vampire.
They needed to find the human descendant of
Alexander, one who carried the virus but is
neither vampire nor werewolf.
They aimed to fuse Lycan blood with Vampire
blood but never succeeded.
But when they found Michael, they discovered
that his blood would be the key.
With his genetic makeup, they could fuse vampire
DNA with werewolf DNA, creating a hybrid half-vampire,
half-werewolf creature that would be stronger
than both.
They plan to have Lucian inject himself with
Michael’s blood, along with the blood of
an elder Vampire, Amelia.
Viktor is finally convinced that Lucian is
alive and Selene is right all along.
Khan then enters the tomb and announces Amelia
had been assassinated and Lycans had drained
her blood.
Viktor strikes Singe, and he dies instantly.
Viktor then tasks Selene with finding and
eliminating Michael.
Lucian draws Michael’s blood at the Lycan
lair, and Michael pleads to Lucian to let
him go, as he had nothing to do with their
war.
Lucian laughs, saying this isn’t his war.
It is Viktor’s.
Michael then gets a vision of the past and
sees Lucian in chains in front of a woman
vampire who’s also bound.
Sunlight fills the room, and Lucian watches
as his beloved Sonja burns to death.
Viktor then enters the room and retrieves
Sonja’s necklace, but the full moon rises,
and Lucian transforms into a werewolf.
Lucian breaks free, taking the necklace and
escaping.
Lucian then tells his side of the story.
The Lycans were slaves to the vampires, forced
to guard their tombs in the daylight.
He fell in love with Sonja, Viktor’s daughter.
Viktor was enraged by the union and planned
to kill both of them, but Lucian escaped.
Lucian then says Viktor started the war, spending
centuries hunting down the Lycans.
Kraven arrives, and Lucian goes to meet him.
Kraven is panicked, seeing how his plans are
falling apart, but Lucian reassures him that
with Amelia dead and with Michael’s blood,
their peace treaty would soon take effect,
leaving Krarven to lead the vampires.
Kraven tells Lucian that Viktor had awakened
and they couldn’t defeat him, but Lucian
is confident Michael’s blood would give
him the power to defeat Viktor.
The vampires suddenly show up at the lair,
and the Lycans prepare for battle.
Kraven realizes he’s about to lose and shoots
Lucian with several rounds of the silver nitrate
bullets.
Lucian falls, unable to combat the silver
nitrate coursing through his veins.
Selene and Kahn lead the vampire charge and
dispatch the defending Lycans with ease.
Raze arrives carrying Amelia’s blood but
discovers he’s too late, seeing Lucian dying.
The gunshots continue, and Lucian tries forcing
the silver out of him, determined to live.
Selene then runs to find Michael and eliminates
two Lycans along the way.
Kraven tries to escape, making his way up
a ladder but sees Viktor arriving.
He jumps down and tries to hide.
Selene finally finds Michael, and Lucian sees
them kissing.
He realizes the war would never be put to
rest as another Lycan has fallen in love with
a vampire.
Selene and Michael try to escape but run into
Kraven.
Kraven then shoots Michael with the silver
nitrate bullets, and silver starts flooding
his blood.
Kraven then tells Selene that it was Viktor,
not the Lycans, who killed her family.
Viktor fed on them and only spared Selene
because she reminded him of Sonja.
Lucian appears and stabs Kraven’s leg, disabling
him.
Lucian sees Selene and Michael’s love for
one another, and he tells Selene to bite Michael.
His stronger blood would survive a transmission
from both a vampire and a werewolf, and he
would rise stronger.
Selene then digs her fangs into Michael’s
shoulder.
Kraven recovers, and Lucian laughs at him.
He’s satisfied because his mission is completed
in the form of Michael.
Kraven then shoots several more bullets into
Lucian, rendering him lifeless.
Viktor arrives and removes Selene from Michael.
Viktor then picks up Michael and throws him
through a wall.
Selene tells Viktor that she knows the truth
about her family.
Viktor admits it but reasons out that he has
given her much more in exchange.
Now filled with both vampire and werewolf
blood, Michael begins transforming into a
hideous amalgamation of the two.
Viktor prepares to battle Michael, but Michael
is faster and stronger.
The two exchange blows, but Viktor still manages
to gain the upper hand even with Michael’s
advantage.
The rest of the vampires help Viktor and shoot
Michael, but Selene neutralizes them quickly.
Viktor and Michael continue fighting, and
Selene takes Viktor’s sword and slices Viktor
across the face.
Viktor’s head is cut in half, and he falls.
Selene and Michael now have to leave and remain
in hiding, knowing that the werewolves and
vampires may settle for a truce just to hunt
them down.
Back at the vampire mansion, Singe’s blood
drips down into Marcus’ tomb.
The blood makes its way down to his mouth,
starting Marcus’ heart, awakening him.